feat: add ingestion overview pages (#9210)
datahub-project/datahub: metadata-ingestion/source_overview.md

# Sources

:::tip Find Integration Source
Please see our **[Integrations page](https://datahubproject.io/integrations)** to browse our ingestion sources and filter on their features.
:::

Sources refers to the data systems that we are extracting metadata from.
The `Sources` tab on the left in the sidebar shows you all the sources that are available for you to ingest metadata from. For example, we have sources for [BigQuery](https://datahubproject.io/docs/generated/ingestion/sources/bigquery), [Looker](https://datahubproject.io/docs/generated/ingestion/sources/looker), [Tableau](https://datahubproject.io/docs/generated/ingestion/sources/tableau) and many others.

In general, the source will be defined at the top of the recipe like below.

```yaml
source: <source_name>

> config: ...

Reviewer: this doesn't look right - should be this

also docusaurus lets you set "filenames" on code blocks - I think putting a filename of "my_recipe.yml" will help make this more clear

```
# my_recipe.yml
source:
  type: <source name>
  config:
    option_1: value
    ...
```

```

> :::note Metadata Ingestion Source Status

Reviewer: this should just be a section, not a `:::note`

:::tip Find Integration Source
Please see our **[Integrations page](https://datahubproject.io/integrations)** to browse our ingestion sources and filter on their features.
:::

## Metadata Ingestion Source Status

We apply a Support Status to each Metadata Source to help you understand the integration reliability at a glance.

![Certified](https://img.shields.io/badge/support%20status-certified-brightgreen): Certified Sources are well-tested & widely-adopted by the DataHub Community. We expect the integration to be stable with few user-facing issues.

![Incubating](https://img.shields.io/badge/support%20status-incubating-blue): Incubating Sources are ready for DataHub Community adoption but have not been tested for a wide variety of edge-cases. We eagerly solicit feedback from the Community to streghten the connector; minor version changes may arise in future releases.

![Testing](https://img.shields.io/badge/support%20status-testing-lightgrey): Testing Sources are available for experiementation by DataHub Community members, but may change without notice.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Sources

> Sources refers to **the data systems that we are extracting metadata from.** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sources are **the data systems that we are extracting metadata from**. 
```

<p align="center">
  <img width="70%"  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/datahub-project/static-assets/main/imgs/sources-sinks.png"/>
</p>

> In general, the source will be defined at the top of the recipe like below.

Reviewer: make the word recipe a link?

```yaml
#my_recipe.yml
source: 
  type: <source_name>
  config: 
    option_1: <value>
    ...
```

## Types of Source
The `Sources` tab on the left in the sidebar shows you all the sources that are available for you to ingest metadata from. For example, we have sources for [BigQuery](https://datahubproject.io/docs/generated/ingestion/sources/bigquery), [Looker](https://datahubproject.io/docs/generated/ingestion/sources/looker), [Tableau](https://datahubproject.io/docs/generated/ingestion/sources/tableau) and many others.

> :::tip Find Integration Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Find an Integration Source
```

> Please see our **[Integrations page](https://datahubproject.io/integrations)** to browse our ingestion sources and filter on their features.

Reviewer: this is a broader tone thing, but I tend not to like the word "please" in docs. that said, I'm not sure how "casual" we want the tone to be

```suggestion
See the full **[list of integrations](https://datahubproject.io/integrations)** and filter on their features.
```
